old five
It can make the emperor's grandfather, Princess Liu Chu, in a hurry
Emperor Wu is really a good means
As long as the emperor's grandfather is safe
It's the same whoever is in a hurry
You better really think so.
Humph
Big brother has always been open-mouthed
Brother Wu, take him to heart first
The fifth brother is angry at me
Didn't he always hate Yuan Qingling the most?
Why did he still leave him to his grandfather?
Those who can be used are hated again
Can also be tolerated
I've left something behind
You wait for me here.
King of Chu and so on
Princess Xi has something to do
Brother Hao, how are you?
What's so good about being alive?
And now we are marrying each other
What's good or bad?
Just live
It's just that I hope what I'm afraid of doesn't happen
What are you afraid of?
Afraid that one day
You and him are playing dead for that seat
No, I promised you not to fight
I will abide by
But the matter of standing
The father attaches great importance to
The meaning of the emperor's grandfather
You let the King of Chu fly to sleep
Even King Qi thought you were trying to use this to compete for favor
I didn't mean it.
It is the intention of the emperor's grandfather to keep him
He can't
We need to find out what that woman is up to
I'm leaving early
Brother Hao, you
Even if you don't want to fight
I won't let Yuan Qingling either
Received the attention of the Supreme Emperor